# OpenAIClient::RealtimeResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | The unique ID of the response. | [optional] 
**object** | **String** | The object type, must be &#x60;realtime.response&#x60;. | [optional] 
**status** | **String** | The final status of the response (&#x60;completed&#x60;, &#x60;cancelled&#x60;, &#x60;failed&#x60;, or  &#x60;incomplete&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**status_details** | [**RealtimeResponseStatusDetails**](RealtimeResponseStatusDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**output** | [**Array&lt;RealtimeConversationItem&gt;**](RealtimeConversationItem.md) | The list of output items generated by the response. | [optional] 
**metadata** | [**Metadata**](Metadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**usage** | [**RealtimeResponseUsage**](RealtimeResponseUsage.md) |  | [optional] 
**conversation_id** | **String** | Which conversation the response is added to, determined by the &#x60;conversation&#x60; field in the &#x60;response.create&#x60; event. If &#x60;auto&#x60;, the response will be added to the default conversation and the value of &#x60;conversation_id&#x60; will be an id like &#x60;conv_1234&#x60;. If &#x60;none&#x60;, the response will not be added to any conversation and the value of &#x60;conversation_id&#x60; will be &#x60;null&#x60;. If responses are being triggered by server VAD, the response will be added to the default conversation, thus the &#x60;conversation_id&#x60; will be an id like &#x60;conv_1234&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**voice** | **String** | The voice the model used to respond. Current voice options are &#x60;alloy&#x60;, &#x60;ash&#x60;, &#x60;ballad&#x60;, &#x60;coral&#x60;, &#x60;echo&#x60; &#x60;sage&#x60;,  &#x60;shimmer&#x60; and &#x60;verse&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**modalities** | **Array&lt;String&gt;** | The set of modalities the model used to respond. If there are multiple modalities, the model will pick one, for example if &#x60;modalities&#x60; is &#x60;[\&quot;text\&quot;, \&quot;audio\&quot;]&#x60;, the model could be responding in either text or audio.  | [optional] 
**output_audio_format** | **String** | The format of output audio. Options are &#x60;pcm16&#x60;, &#x60;g711_ulaw&#x60;, or &#x60;g711_alaw&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**temperature** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | Sampling temperature for the model, limited to [0.6, 1.2]. Defaults to 0.8.  | [optional] 
**max_output_tokens** | [**OneOfRealtimeResponseMaxOutputTokens**](OneOfRealtimeResponseMaxOutputTokens.md) | Maximum number of output tokens for a single assistant response, inclusive of tool calls, that was used in this response.  | [optional] 

